---
lang: en-US
title: Uncopyright
---

## Uncopyright 

> May you do good and not evil.\
> May you find forgiveness for yourself and forgive others.\
> May you share freely, never taking more than you give.

Copyright pages exist to tell you that you *can't* do something. Unlike
them, this Uncopyright page exists to tell you that the writing and
artwork in this ebook are believed to be in the United States public
domain; that is, they are believed to be free of copyright restrictions
in the United States. The United States public domain represents our
collective cultural heritage, and items in it are free for anyone in the
United States to do almost anything at all with, without having to get
permission.

Copyright laws are different all over the world, and the source text or
artwork in this ebook may still be copyrighted in other countries. If
you're not located in the United States, you must check your local laws
before using this ebook. Standard Ebooks makes no representations
regarding the copyright status of the source text or artwork in this
ebook in any country other than the United States.

Non-authorship activities performed on items that are in the public
domain⁠---so-called "sweat of the brow" work⁠---don't create a new
copyright. That means that nobody can claim a new copyright on an item
that is in the public domain for, among other things, work like
digitization, markup, or typography. Regardless, the contributors to
this ebook release their contributions under the terms in the [CC0 1.0
Universal Public Domain
Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/), thus
dedicating to the worldwide public domain all of the work they've done
on this ebook, including but not limited to metadata, the titlepage,
imprint, colophon, this Uncopyright, and any changes or enhancements to,
or markup on, the original text and artwork. This dedication doesn't
change the copyright status of the source text or artwork. We make this
dedication in the interest of enriching our global cultural heritage, to
promote free and libre culture around the world, and to give back to the
unrestricted culture that has given all of us so much.
:::
